What do I do that makes you smile?
What is your favorite time of day and why?
What is something you think your mom and dad wished you would have done?
What can I do to show you my love more effectively?
Tell me your favorite part of my body and I’ll tell you my favorite of yours!
What was different about your family as a kid as compared to other families?
What is your favorite romantic memory we’ve made together?
What do you love most about our home?
Where is your dream vacation if money weren’t an issue?
What do you remember about learning to drive?
Who was your favorite teacher in school?  Why?
If our love had a theme song, what would it be?
What is perhaps the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
Of all the things I do, what do you appreciate the most?
What truth do I preach better than I practice?
When and/or where was the memorable time we’ve made love?
Can you recall visiting your parents’ workplace and if so, describe it and how you felt when you went there?
Do I tell you that I love you often enough? Too much?
Tell me your most serious physical injury as a child.
Do I respect and honor you around other people?
What is your favorite memory of the two of us together before we were married? Second favorite?
Do I ever joke about things you wish I wouldn’t? Do I ever joke at times you think are inappropriate?
Of all you’ve done in your life, what has made you feel the most proud?
Is my way of doing things too structured? Too spontaneous? How?
If money and time weren’t an issue, what would you most like to do?
Let’s come up with 15 minutes a day for the two of us to talk without being interrupted. How can we achieve that?
What is your greatest motivation for getting up every day and going to work?
What things can you always count on me for? (try to name 5)
What part of the Bible do you read most often? Why?
Is there anything that you feel like we have a hard time discussing? Why do you think they’re so difficult for us to talk about them?
How can I pray for you?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
If you could have dinner with anyone in the world who would it be and why?
What was the happiest moment of your life? The saddest?
When did you first notice me? What was the attraction? Is attraction still important?
Who has been the biggest influence on your life? What lessons did that person teach you?
Have I ever done anything to ‘take the wind out your sails’?
Who has been the kindest to you in your life?
What is your earliest memory?
Can you remember the way we felt when our children were born (thankful, in awe)? Do you still feel that way? If not, what would it take for us to feel that way about them more often?
When I get angry with you and you ask for forgiveness, do you feel that I forgive you by my actions as well as by my words?
Do you feel like you’re harder on yourself when you make a mistake than you need to be? How?
Am I harder on you when you make a mistake than I should be? How?
What things do I do that make you feel loved?
If you could do anything and know it would succeed, what would it be?
Do you feel the freedom to tell me anything you’re thinking about us? about me?
Do you sometimes get the impression that I put conditions on my affection and love for you?
Do you ever feel insecure about my love?
Do you feel like we share the responsibility in our marriage or does one of us shoulder the burden of some areas more than they should (finances, sex, parenting, spiritual matters, household chores)? Are you comfortable with the way things are?
Think of all our married friends. What are some of the positive things you see in their marriages that you’d like to see in ours?
What ways do you like me to touch you? (not only sexual.)
Name three things I do for you that helps brighten your day and make you feel rested.
Do you consider me an optimist or a pessimist? How do you feel about that?
Do we show our love and affection to one another enough around our kids?
Do you feel like our marriage is a good example to the kids? other marriages? In what ways? Are there things we could improve?
What positive things have our kids added to our lives?
What is your strongest area of leadership? Weakest?
What has been the toughest experience of your life?
What in your life has been characteristic of your life when you have been “on fire” for God (or passionate)?
As you look at your life this past 6 months, what area of growth are you most encouraged about?
What has helped you grow in your walk with God this past year?
Characterize your spiritual life this past year.
What is one thing you’ve learned about God this past year?
What is one thing you’ve learned about yourself this past year?
What is one thing you’ve learned about me this past year?
If you could relive one day of our married life which would it be and why?
In what ways have you matured in the past year?
If you could meet one person from history who would it be and why?
In the past 6 months what has been your most encouraging experience? Discouraging?
What one aspect or thing in your life are you most encouraged about or thankful for right now?
What is a current source of stress?
What have you been asking God for in prayer recently?
What things are likely to cause you to cry? What has caused you to cry most recently?
In what way would you like to grow in your walk with God this year?
How am I doing in the area of romance?
What do you see as the area of greatest strength in our marriage? Weakness?
A quality I most admire in you is . . .
How am I doing in communicating with you?
A situation where I was especially proud of you was . . .
Am I pursuing the closest relationship possible with you?` How can I grow in that?
What is your most difficult pressure or challenge at present?
What is the area in which we most need to grow our relationship?
How are we doing at building family identity and memories?
What is your favorite time of the year? What memories do you enjoy most from then?
What things did you see in me that made you want to marry me?
What about our marriage makes you happy?
What about our marriage makes you sad?
What is the greatest strength/weakness of our marriage?
Of our friends, whose marriage do you respect and why?
What do you think God is doing in our marriage right now?
What are you dreaming about right now?
Where would you like us to be 10 years from now?
How is your soul?
What is the most courageous thing you’ve ever done?
